[Music]
based on the anime series of the same
name Legends of the dark King is a 3D
fighter that brings together several
characters from The Fist of the
Northstar Universe the most striking
aspect of the game has to be the visuals
that look incredible on the small screen
and are presented in a clearly defined
cell-shaded fashion that brings life to
each and every character you get to use
as you would expect they all come along
with their own unique move sets with
basic attacks and special moves making
up your options when it comes to each
fight and by attacking your opponent or
taking damage yourself you'll start to
build up your ultimate gauge at the
bottom of the screen which can then be
used to unleash a devastating attack
ripped straight out of the anime with
plenty of fanfare and impressive
animations to go along with it naturally
there's several modes for the player to
get stuck into from the main story to
free battle and survival that tasks you
with defeating as many characters as you
can with only limited life regeneration
between each fights to top all off
there's a ton of unlockable content that
comes in the form of new characters and
stages that will likely satisfy those
fonded with the source material on the
whole Legends of the dark King is by no
means the best fighting game on the PSP
the simple approach to its gameplay
opens it up to players of all skill
levels but for those of you who like
their fighters to offer a serious amount
of depth within their systems this just
not that much here on the other hand if
you're farmed of the Fist of the
Northstar property or simple fighting
games in general then Legends of the
dark King is definitely worth tracking
down dead to rights Reckoning is a third
person shooter that throws you into the
shoes of Jack slate who wakes to find
out that a senator's daughter has gone
messing and sets out to get to the
bottom of her disappearance this journey
takes you through the Seedy underbelly
of Grand City where you'll be
encountering all manner of low lives as
you slowly make your way through the
enemy ranks and ultimately deliver
Justice the game play is very similar to
its Home console counterparts and
retains the series signature use of
bullet time as well as your K9 companion
that in tandem with a gun play can make
short work of the enemy as with most PSP
Shooters the controls at first can be a
bit awkward with the camera taking a bit
of time to get used to is the player has
no control of its direction you can
quickly Center the screen by tapping the
lock on button which is a nice
workaround for the lack of a second
analog but it can get a bit wieldly at
times in the heat of a firefight that
being said the minute to minute gun
playay is where dead to right shines and
it's all built around a combo system
that rewards the player for successful
kills it's basically about destroying
everything in sight and you have many
ways to accomplish this including guns
your dog and the other popular taped
Downs which in essence allows you to run
up to an enemy takee them out with his
own weapon and then continue using his
gun to take down all his comrades it's a
great system that keeps the action fast
and frantic as you mow down wave after w
wave of enemies for an action game on
the go dead to right Reckoning is
perfect for short burst of gameplay and
has ended up being one of my go-to
options we're looking for something to
quickly pick up and
[Music]
enjoy seventh Dragon 2022 is a direct
sequel to the previous game in the
series and centers around a specialized
task force that work for the Japanese
government is they Dro to spear ahead
the destruction of mysterious monsters
and dragons that have begun to
materialize throughout Tokyo and this is
where the journey kicks off for the
player getting to create their own
character from scratch and head out into
the city to clean it up as with many
RPGs the class system is at the heart of
the experience and Cooks up five
separate options for the player to
choose from you've got the standard tank
and Mage as well as several unique
options that offer a blend between the
two that can focus on your overall speed
in battle or ability to cast certain
spells now the actual battles themselves
are your typical turn-based Fair where
you can attack defend use items escape
and also carry out a variety of skills
thanks to the exhaust gauge you fill
this gauge up by attacking enemies and
when used your turn speed is increased
as well as your attacks and special
abilities having an improved effect all
of these options come into play when
encountering any of the enemies that
roam the city but the system in place
truly shines when you come into contact
with a dragon which acts as a sort of
boss that breaks up the rabit easy
fights with a low-level grunts by
defeating them you'll earn DZ which is
your primary way of getting new skills
equipment and side quest so in a way it
acts like a gameplay Loop you hunt
dragons to get better tools to hunt more
dragons to get even better tools seventh
Dragon 2022 is a solid RPG and sure it
doesn't do anything new and it'll likely
have nothing you haven't seen before
from the genre but it still remains
enjoyable and it's by far one of the
best examples of an RPG on a
[Music]
PSP first appearing on the PlayStation 2
the Killzone series was essentially
Sony's answer to Microsoft's Halo and
while it didn't really reach the height
set by its competition it was still a
competent firstperson shooter that went
on to spawn several enturies and a few
spin-offs including Liberation on the
PSP now unlike its console counterpart
Liberation was instead a top down
shooter that instantly managed to
eleviate many of the concerns players
had with FPS games on the PSP the game
story itself is fairly average and
really nothing you haven't seen before
which all revolves around shooting your
way through the enemy ranks are rescuing
various VIPs to save the day where it
really comes into its own lowest during
play and shooting enemies is
accomplished by aiming yourself towards
them using the analog and utilizing a
range of options from machine guns to
special grenades and even tanks to even
the score now reloading and securing
ammunition are critical component of the
game play as well since taking down
individual targets usually involves at
least expanding a few magazines so
you'll be finding yourself short on ammo
especially if especially if you're the
kind who loves to just hold down the
trigger it's not all just about are
simply shooting everything that moves
though this Liberation also involves
many defensive aspects of gameplay with
the main one being covered you'll find
yourself dropping behind fences and
popping off from behind walls to score
pot shots as you carefully dismantle the
enemy forces on your tail in the end
killone Liberation is a very worthy
addition to the PSP's lineup and with it
being so easy to pick up and play it's a
game I can fully recommend everyone
tries
out the PSP had its face a face p and
Shooters Each of which were enjoyable to
varying degrees of success by far one of
the best examples of the genre around
the handheld has to be coded arms that
throws you into the shoes of a hacker
who finds their way inside a virtual
reality program known as adaah the
system has gone astray and is provided a
means for you to take it over which
involves you having to get rid of
viruses in the form of grou task
Monsters by no means is the story going
to win any awards and it generally feels
like a bit of an afterthought but makes
way for what coded arms gets right and
that's the game play at first you might
think the lack of a second analog stick
might hold the game back but the
developers came up with a way to
compensate for this by automatically
snapping onto enemies when they're in
range of your crossair and it works
really well across the several missions
I see you cleaning up the battlefield
and taking advantage of a wide range of
weapons such as pistols to shotguns and
grenades that all have a role to play
throughout the campaign as you progress
you'll be leveling them up and unlocking
new attachments to augment their
capabilities that give you even more
options to deal with the diverse set of
enemies that come your way from the
lowly grunts that only take a few hits
to deal with to the far more challenging
boss fights that offer up a real sense
of accomplishment once you've taken them
out on the whole coded arms more than
Pro that firsters shooters were not only
viable on the PSP but surprisingly
enjoyable as well considering the
somewhat limited input options you have
to play with if you find it on the cheap
it's well worth adding to your
library the PSP was one of the firstand
held to offer a digital store for its
owners to download games and this
prompted many companies to try their
hand at this new model this is where ape
Quest comes in and was originally
released as three separate bite-sized
episodes that flip the usual AP Escape
formula around its head like the title
suggest ape Quest is an RPG that sees
you filling the role of a prince who
unwittingly releases a forgotten evil
upon the land and you are then tasked
with putting things right this comes in
the form of taking on a variety of
quests that requires you to explore the
kingdom and of sees you delivering items
escorting characters or locating rare
objects however you're not free to walk
about as in many other RPGs with
movement instead being dictated by
arrows that Define your possible Paths
of course to spice things up you'll
encounter random events on your way
ranging from mini games such as tennis
and wacka ball to battle encounters that
take advantage of the RPG mechanics in
play as you would expect you'll be
leveling up over the course of the
adventure as well and they lock in a
huge range of attacks and special
abilities that even the odds but just as
important as that is the equipment you
wield as well from weapons to armor and
special items you'll be crafting new
ways to tackle each encounter overall if
you're fond of the ape Escape series and
are looking for a new RPG to jump into
then ape Quest is well worth your time
it may not be the most feature Rich RPG
on the PSP but it's still won hell of a
good
[Music]
ride the PSP was no stranger to solid
fighting games so with the likes of
Tekken and Street Fighter making
appearances it was one of the go-to
systems for fans of the genre much like
any other console though many games
seemingly fall through the cracks and
never get their chance in the Limelight
and fate unlimited codes has to be one
of them it's based on a series of
Japanese visual novels with a story
revolving around a mysterious item known
as the Holy Grail that can grant any
desires to the one who wields it now
like most fighting games there's a
generous amount of characters to choose
from who each come with their own basic
attacks as well as special moves that
spice up each encounter you have three
standard attack buttons weak medium and
heavy along with a Parry button that can
get you out of some tight situations but
if you miss the timing you're punished
with half of your super meter being
taken away from you the way to build
this up is by dealing out damage and
also taking hits and once it's full you
get to perform one of the many super
moves that are all accompanied by
dazzling and stylish animations that
lend them a real weight as you pulverize
your competition like many fighting
games there's a great selection of
unlockables that help Pat out the
experience and give you you an incentive
to keep on coming back for more new
characters stages and modes ensure
you'll be playing long after your first
win and although it may not be the most
intricate fighting game on the PSP it's
for sure one hell of a lot of fun
especially for fans of the graphic novel
and the other fake games on the PSP so
if you've all been exhausted many of the
fighting games on the system fate
unlimited codes is definitely something
you should check
[Music]
out paa fantasy golf is a golf game for
the PSP that supports to the PC MMO game
of the same name while the PSP version
isn't online and only incorporates a
fraction of what the PC game had to
offer is still packs an incredible
amount of content that makes other golf
games on the system seemed Half Baked in
comparison the somewhat childish
cheerful exterior of the game is
bolstered by several RPG mechanics that
lend it a serious amount of depth and
during the course of the game you'll
need to level up your characters sip
through some entertaining story elements
and earn Pang the game's currency to buy
new equipment and outfits that alter
your stats and affect your proficiency
out on the course regardless of these
RPG mechanics panga is still a golf game
at heart and reading the course judging
wins and ensuring accurate shots is the
best way to move forward in the game it
uses the traditional three click method
for each shot you take the first click
starts the meter the second sets the
strength of your shot and the third sets
the accuracy but to add some variety and
personality to the game you've got
several types of special shots to
perform as well that can be incredibly
tricky to pull off but once you do
you're rewarded with even more amounts
of currency to work towards unlocking
some of the game's more powerful items
this seriously just so much to do in
this game customizing your characters is
almost Limitless taking first place in
all of the tournaments will take quite a
commitment and unlocking all of the
characters and Equipment will take more
time than completing two or three
average sized RPGs so if you enjoy Golf
and they're looking for something a bit
more well fought out than a glorified
miname the P fantasy golf is for
you ever since Diablo hacken SL RPGs
have become a dime dozen scores of
imitations of the popular PC game have
been released across every console under
the Sun so it's no surprise that the PSP
got one right out of the gate your role
in this game is that of a protector of a
city known as aan and after it's hit by
a group of Otherworldly monsters you
work towards getting to the bottom of
what's going on of course none of that
really matters the thing about hacking
SL RPGs is a story story line is there
just to facilitate the game play and
this is where Untold Legends comes into
full swim the first thing to mention is
the sheer size of the game World which
for a PSP game was really impressive
portals make it easy to travel from area
to area and you can exit dungeons at any
time with a press of a few buttons which
make it easy to jump about a traditional
over thehead camera leads you through
each dungeon and feels like the perfect
distance is to not give away what's
around the corner but not too close to
the action that it becomes too chaotic
now what is arguably the best part of
the game is leveling up which allows you
to build your character the way you see
fit by unlocking various abilities that
will help you out in the field
complementing this system is your armor
and a range of items that can Aid you in
your bid to rid the kingdom of evil and
more importantly play into your specific
approach to hack and/ RPGs may I be
fighting from a distance or getting up
close and personal with one of the many
weapons by your side admittedly it can
get quite repetitive as most games of
this kind do but for those that it
clicks with untaught Legends will
provide hours upon hours of
enjoyment I've always been a huge fan of
the do hack series with several of the
PlayStation 2 games being among my
favorite titles on the system so getting
to play it on the PSP felt like a dream
come true for those not familiar with
the series it revolves around an in-game
MMO called the world where the player
controls an avatar within that digital
space it picks up after the events of
the PS2 games and introduces us to Tokyo
a young boy who must go back through the
records stored in the MMO and relive all
of the events of the entire series and
the hopes of correcting various
Corruptions in the system now when it
comes to gameplay it's largely split up
into two separate Styles one being the
exploration of the world and the other
naturally being combat that sees you
commanding a huge array of abilities and
attacks that can make short work of the
enemy a big part of each encounter is
taking advantage of the juggling system
that allows you to perform a string of
combos on the enemy and keep the battle
flowing by successfully Landing a enough
hits you buildup your super gauge and
get to perform one of the many special
moves you have at your disposal that are
accompanied by some impressively
animated cut scenes which led them all a
real grandiose effect as they play out
apart from fighting there's also several
other systems that make up the game with
the most rewarding being the
relationships you'll cultivate along the
way by hitting dungeons with the same
party members you'll slowly build an
affinity with each other that leads to
be enable to perform longer Combos and
therefore your team become a far more
threatening force to be Rec with for
fans of do hack this is one game you
will not want to miss well that does it
for today's video keep an eye out for
part three as that will be coming up
soon so don't forget to subscribe and
hit that Bell to get notified about new
videos that release every Monday and
Thursday you can follow me on all of the
socials which I link below to stay up to
date and also join my growing community
on Discord to meet many like-minded
gamers to continue the conversation with
and take part and giveaways I'd like to
give a special shout out to my patreon
supporters Rhino skill Jim Shen Richard
Amy Daniel Dio Omar Strider Pierre K
awesome jacket dude Maximus Scott Alfred
Terry Ryan Alex GameCube Galaxy K
salaryman fake and Patty J for their
continued support that helps make these
videos possible if you're interested in
joining my Discord or supporting the
channel through patreon you'll find all
of these links down below as always
thanks for taking the time to check the
video out I'll catch you next time
[Music]
[Applause]
oh